README.md, before:

# Danielle-Heberling-Dot-XYZ
[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/a4629274-59c5-47ee-901f-9621a8fb5174/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/deeheber/deploys)

## 🧐 What's inside?

This is the source code for my personal blog website https://www.danielleheberling.xyz Feel free to submit a PR for any improvements and especially if you see any typos in my posts.

## 🚀 Quick start

1.  **Clone the repository**

    ```sh
    # cd into the directory location you'd like first
    git clone https://github.com/deeheber/danielle-heberling-dot-xyz.git
    ```

1.  **Start developing.**

    Navigate into the site’s directory and start it up.

    ```sh
    cd danielle-heberling-dot-xyz/
    npm i
    npm start
    ```

1.  **Open the source code and start editing!**

    Your site is now running at `http://localhost:8000`!

    _Note: You'll also see a second link: _`http://localhost:8000/___graphql`_. This is a tool you can use to experiment with querying your data. Learn more about using this tool in the [Gatsby tutorial](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-five/#introducing-graphiql)._

    Open the `danielle-heberling-dot-xyz` directory in your code editor of choice and edit files. Save your changes and the browser will update in real time!

Commit message:

Upgrade gatsby (#53)
* Update gatsby and deps

* Update README

* npm audit fix

README.md, after:

# Danielle-Heberling-Dot-XYZ
[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/a4629274-59c5-47ee-901f-9621a8fb5174/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/deeheber/deploys)

## 🧐 What's inside?

This is the source code for my personal blog website https://www.danielleheberling.xyz Feel free to submit a PR for any improvements and especially if you see any typos in my posts.

## 🚀 Quick start

1.  **Clone the repository**

    ```sh
    # cd into the directory location you'd like first
    git clone https://github.com/deeheber/danielle-heberling-dot-xyz.git
    ```

1.  **Start developing.**
    This site is built with the latest nodeJS LTS in mind. Other version might work, but it's not guaranteed.

    Navigate into the site’s directory and start it up.

    ```sh
    cd danielle-heberling-dot-xyz/
    npm i
    npm start
    ```

    Note: If using npm v7 or above add the `--legacy-peer-deps` flag to `npm i`

1.  **Open the source code and start editing!**

    Your site is now running at `http://localhost:8000`!

    _Note: You'll also see a second link: _`http://localhost:8000/___graphql`_. This is a tool you can use to experiment with querying your data. Learn more about using this tool in the [Gatsby tutorial](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-five/#introducing-graphiql)._

    Open the `danielle-heberling-dot-xyz` directory in your code editor of choice and edit files. Save your changes and the browser will update in real time!
